Meggy Lab Writeup
Please do this in Pages or TextEdit. Reflections done in Word will not be read.

Part I: Please provide the following information:
Name of your game
One paragraph description, or "teaser" text to introduce your game. Be imaginative. It should set the context and encourage someone to want to play your game.

Part II: In a concise, thoughtful reflection, please address the following prompts:

Tell the story of the process of writing your Meggy game.
* What was difficult? What was surprising?
* Please describe how collaboration with others (classmates, teachers, friends) enhanced your building of this game.
* Any bugs or stuff that doesn't quite work right? Please explain in detail, as well as what thoughts you have about what might be wrong. Be specific.
* If you had more time to work on this project, what features might you add? What would make this game even better?
* What did this game teach you about programming? About game design? About Life In General?
Put the finished file (named ReadMe.txt) in your synced GitHub folder.


Part 1:
GalacticSpaceRun
You're lost in space.   The emptiness surrounds you making you feel small.   Your spaceship is flying through empty space. The overwhelming silence is making you mad.  To make matters worst, you can huge see huge mountains of asteroids coming right at you.  Fly through space avoiding asteroids (Greens) and asteroid mountains (Blue) while advancing rounds by going over the violet dot.

Part II:
¥When I first started this project, I was having a hard time coding the mountains.  With your help, I was able to create them using an array and multiple for loops.  Next, I needed a way to update the mountains.  I used code from the snake game, which allowed me to do so.  I also had a difficult time trying to code the random shooting asteroids.  I was able to do it by using if statements.   Something I found surprising was how much time I needed to put in this project.
¥My collaboration with you (Mr. Kiang) enhanced my game because you were the person who gave me direction.  I didn't know where to start, but you took time at the beginning of classes to tell me what I should or shouldn't do.  Also, the help I got Marissa was very helpful.  She helped me with making Tones and small stuff here and there.
¥A bug in my game is the random coordinate generator.  Sometimes the asteroids and a mountain will all be aligned in a way the player can't get through.  I believe I would need more if statements to do this, but I didn't know how.
*If I had more time I would make official starting screens, ending screens, and new round screens. (Just a screen with all green, red, and blue)  Right now when you die or move up a round, a tone would be played.   Another thing is better player movement.  Right now it's hard for the player to move.
¥This game taught me that programming takes time.  You need to be able to put in the hours if you want something good to come out of it.  That idea of needing to put time into coding to get something good can also be used in life.  I learned that one should always put time and effort into something they're doing.   Also I learned that professional game designers are amazing.   They must write hundreds, if not thousands, of code every day.  Also I learned to appreciate all the games I enjoy playing.  My games come from the hard work of many game designers/programmers out there.
